Add Gardener KubeCon Europe Announcement (#597)
gardener/documentation: website/blog/2025/03-18-Gardener-KubeCon-CloudNativeCon-Europe-2025-Announcement.md

---
title: "Gardener at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe, London 2025"
linkTitle: "Gardener at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe, London 2025"
newsSubtitle: Mar 18, 2025
publishdate: 2025-03-18
authors:
- name: Sonu Kumar Singh
  email: sonu.kumar.singh02@sap.com
  avatar: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/acumino
aliases: ["/blog/2025/03/18/01"]
---

# Gardener at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe, London 2025

> The open-source Kubernetes project [Gardener](https://gardener.cloud/) is set to showcase its cutting-edge Kubernetes-as-a-Service (KaaS) capabilities at [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/) 2025 in London.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The open-source project [Gardener](https://gardener.cloud/) is set to showcase its cutting-edge Kubernetes-as-a-Service (KaaS) capabilities at [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/) 2025 in London.
```

Otherwise it sounds like gardener is part of the kubernetes organization which is not the case.

Gardener has been pioneering hosted control planes long before they became mainstream and is now the default choice within SAP and [other organizations](https://gardener.cloud/adopter/) for provisioning Kubernetes clusters.
Organizations looking to transform their Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) into a Kubernetes-as-a-Service (KaaS) platform can experience Gardener’s powerful automation, security, and multi-cloud extensibility firsthand at the event.

## Revolutionizing Kubernetes Management with Gardener

> Gardener provides a fully managed control plane solution that is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gardener provides a fully managed kubernetes cluster solution that is:
```
